# businessProject
My program is a Domino’s Pizza delivery app. It prompts the user whether they want to order, asks them what products they want and the amount, when they want it delivered, and prints their receipt of their order. The user can choose two different kinds of pizzas. A custom one and a premade one. With the rest of the products the users have to select from a list. I used Tkcalendar so the user can select a delivery date from the calendar. This is targeted towards those who like pizza or Domino’s and are unable to go pick up their order or feel too lazy to. 
	One of the biggest strengths, and feature I’m most proud of, is making sure the user inputs a valid answer. If it doesn’t fall into one of the given options, the program will continue to prompt the user until they do. I think I also made the menus easy to order from by using a numbering system, so all the user has to do is enter the number of the option they want. The program does have many weaknesses that I think would make great aspects to work on for future development. I feel like the classes don’t really have a purpose and the program could be made without them. To make a custom pizza, the user is only able to select one option. This isn’t true for the real Domino’s as you can order as many toppings and other customizations as you want. I think the program isn’t very organized; maybe because there is a lot of code, but it feels a bit hard to follow at times. The biggest weakness is that the program is unable to write the contents of the receipt to the text file. I have the code for it and have seen that the program does run through the code, but it doesn’t write to the text file.
	There’s a lot of room to improve for this project. I believe while I tried to make it as simple as possible, the code could be simpler. Adding the option to add more toppings when customizing pizzas. Being able to write to the txt file instead of having to print it to the console. Lastly, adding a GUI would make the whole user experience a lot nicer and easier for them.
